
 
Home
ServicesMobile App Development Social Media Marketing Website Design and Development Graphics DesignContact Us
About Us
Team
Portfolio
Home
ServicesMobile App Development Social Media Marketing Website Design and Development Graphics DesignContact Us
About Us
Team
Portfolio
 
Work With Us ELEVATE YOUR ONLINE PRESENCE WITH US We develop the Best Mobile Apps, Best Websites with high quality and also we have the Best Social Media Marketing Strategies. We have ; 
Mobile App Development
Social Media Marketing
Website Design and Development 
Get In TouchOUR SERVICES 
  Mobile App Development We develop apps that simplifies and streamline your business processes. These apps will be tailored to your specific needs.  Web Design and Development Transform your online presence with our expert website design team. Get a custom website that showcases your business.  Social Media Marketing Join a number of businesses who have seen success with our social media marketing services. Let our team take your brand.   AI and Marketing Analytics The advanced tools that we utilize for AI enable us to consistently produce high quality products for our clients  Graphics Design We consistently create high-quality logos, flyers, and videos for our clients, with a level of expertise that is recognized internationally in the shortest time.  Content Creation We produce high-quality content that accurately represents our clients’ businesses and brings them to the forefront of their respective industries.  Document Review and Translation We provide translation services for documents from one language to another and redesign documents. OUR PURPOSE 
 
Artsy Africa Remote Squad is part of Artsy Africa Academy (NGO) which  is established with the purpose of generating funds through providing IT services, including mobile app development, website design and development, and more. All funds collected are used to support the orphans, disabled children and also the school drop out children who are found in Artsy Africa Academy, then the funds are used through providing scholarships, giving out  basic needs such as food and clothes to these children, and the remaining funds are used to pay the IT experts.  
Visit SiteWHY CHOOSE US  Quality Assurance We have steps that our team of quality assurance carry out to ensure the best quality for our services to our clients.  Experts Our team of experts who are ready to give you the best services with the highest quality possible.  Cost We have relatively cheaper prices for our services that are in favor of our clients and the quality is still maintained.  Customer Involvement We make our clients to be part of the product development in order to ensure best quality output. OUR PROGRAM  International Experts Program FROM LOCAL TO INTERNATIONAL PROJECTS This is a collaboration that aims at providing up to 100% scholarships to students in Africa who are unable to fully fund their education. Artsy Africa academy, IU, and Study access Alliance provide 90% of the scholarship then the remaining 10% is obtained through crowd funding and partner companies like HI2, where the students are provided with projects to attain career relevant skill for the future and upkeep during their studies. They are later recommended for jobs or retained at the companies.  
Visit SiteCompleted Projects Throughout our tenure in this industry, we have had the privilege of taking on a diverse range of projects. With the dedication and expertise of our  teams, coupled with the invaluable support and partnership of our esteemed clients, we have been able to accomplish a plethora of notable achievements. From the successful implementation of cutting-edge technologies, to the attainment of industry-leading performance metrics, we have consistently strived to exceed expectations and deliver exceptional results.  
Find More 
OUR PARTNERS   
 Previous
 NextAbout Us We specialized in providing IT services that improve our client’s business performance into a better version than what it was, with our clients who are around the world we keep them in touch with us. We have a team of experts who have the love and passion to deliver the best quality for our clients.  
Learn More TESTIMONIALS  
 Previous
 NextHAVE ANY PROJECT IN MIND We are ready to build  your project with our experts who are fully equipped.  
Contact Us We give quality services OUR PAGES Home Services Contact Us About Us Team  Portfolio OUR SERVICES Mobile App Development Website Design and Development Social Media Marketing Content Creation AI and Marketing Analytics Document Revision and Translation OUR PARTNERS Artsy Africa International University of Applied Sciences Human Intelligence International International Experts Trainers 4 Training EAU Propre d' Afrique Hoteliers Guild Clemios IT outsourcing Dilis Fruits Add-On Hairstylist Sarah  Kyeyune Janet CONTACT US  ON  
 
+ 49-176-232-208-55+256-726-073-861 
info@remote-squad.com 
Kampala, Uganda
Our Offices Kampala, KIbuli, Uganda follow us on;  
Facebook-f
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Linkedin
 
© Copyright 2022 @artsyafricaremotesquad  
